Add docs for call chain reentrancy (#36868)
dotnet/docs: docs/orleans/grains/request-scheduling.md

}
```

### Call chain reentrancy

> If a grain calls a method which on another grain which then calls back into the original grain, the call will result in a deadlock unless the call is reentrant. Reentrancy can be enabled on a per-call-site basis by using *call chain reentrancy*. To enable call chain reentrancy, call the <xref:Orleans.Runtime.RequestContext.AllowCallChainReentrancy()> method, which returns a value that allows reentrance from any caller further down the call chain until it is disposed. This includes reentrance from the grain calling the method itself. Consider the following example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a grain calls a method which on another grain which then calls back into the original grain, the call will result in a deadlock unless the call is reentrant. Reentrancy can be enabled on a per-call-site basis by using *call chain reentrancy*. To enable call chain reentrancy, call the <xref:Orleans.Runtime.RequestContext.AllowCallChainReentrancy> method, which returns a value that allows reentrance from any caller further down the call chain until it is disposed. This includes reentrance from the grain calling the method itself. Consider the following example:
```

```csharp
public interface IChatRoomGrain : IGrainWithStringKey
{
    ValueTask OnJoinRoom(IUserGrain user);
}

public interface IUserGrain : IGrainWithStringKey
{
    ValueTask JoinRoom(string roomName);
    ValueTask<string> GetDisplayName();
}

public class ChatRoomGrain : Grain<List<(string DisplayName, IUserGrain User)>>, IChatRoomGrain
{
    public async ValueTask OnJoinRoom(IUserGrain user)
    {
        var displayName = await user.GetDisplayName();
        State.Add((displayName, user));
        await WriteStateAsync();
    }
}

public class UserGrain : Grain, IUserGrain
{
    public ValueTask<string> GetDisplayName() => new(this.GetPrimaryKeyString());
    public async ValueTask JoinRoom(string roomName)
    {
        // This prevents the call below from triggering a deadlock.
        using var scope = RequestContext.AllowCallChainReentrancy();
        var roomGrain = GrainFactory.GetGrain<IChatRoomGrain>(roomName);
        await roomGrain.OnJoinRoom(this.AsReference<IUserGrain>());
    }
}
```

> In the above example, `UserGrain.JoinRoom(roomName)` calls into `ChatRoomGrain.OnJoinRoom(user)`, which tries to call back into `UserGrain.GetDisplayName()` to get the user's display name. Since this call chain involves a cycle, this will result in a deadlock if the `UserGrain` does not allow reentrance using any of the supported mechanisms discussed in this article. In this instance, we are using <xref:Orleans.Runtime.RequestContext.AllowCallChainReentrancy()>, which will allow only `roomGrain` to call back into the `UserGrain`. This grants you fine grained control over where and how reentrancy is enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the preceding example, `UserGrain.JoinRoom(roomName)` calls into `ChatRoomGrain.OnJoinRoom(user)`, which tries to call back into `UserGrain.GetDisplayName()` to get the user's display name. Since this call chain involves a cycle, this will result in a deadlock if the `UserGrain` doesn't allow reentrance using any of the supported mechanisms discussed in this article. In this instance, we are using <xref:Orleans.Runtime.RequestContext.AllowCallChainReentrancy>, which allows only `roomGrain` to call back into the `UserGrain`. This grants you fine grained control over where and how reentrancy is enabled.
```

> If we were to instead prevent the deadlock by annotating the `GetDisplayName()` method declaration on `IUserGrain` with `[AlwaysInterleave]` (discussed below), we would allow any grain to interleave a `GetDisplayName` call with any other method. Instead, we are allowing *only* `roomGrain` to call methods on our grain and only until `scope` is disposed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you were to instead prevent the deadlock by annotating the `GetDisplayName()` method declaration on `IUserGrain` with `[AlwaysInterleave]`, you would allow any grain to interleave a `GetDisplayName` call with any other method. Instead, you are allowing *only* `roomGrain` to call methods on our grain and only until `scope` is disposed.
```

> #### Suppressing call chain reentrancy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Suppress call chain reentrancy
```

> Call chain reentrance can also be *suppressed* using the <xref:Orleans.Runtime.RequestContext.SuppressCallChainReentrancy()> method. This has limited usefulness to end developers, but it is important for internal use by libraries which extend Orleans grain functionality, such as [streaming](../streaming/index.md) and [broadcast channels](../streaming/broadcast-channel.md) to ensure that developers retain full control over when call chain reentrancy is enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Call chain reentrance can also be *suppressed* using the <xref:Orleans.Runtime.RequestContext.SuppressCallChainReentrancy> method. This has limited usefulness to end developers, but it is important for internal use by libraries which extend Orleans grain functionality, such as [streaming](../streaming/index.md) and [broadcast channels](../streaming/broadcast-channel.md) to ensure that developers retain full control over when call chain reentrancy is enabled.
```
